README.md, before:

# NYT Letter Boxed Puzzle Solver
This Python script solves arbitrary New York Times Letter Boxed puzzles. As opposed to optimizing for the game's scoring system of finding solutions with the fewest total words, this script finds a solution that uses the minimum number of total letters.

## Notes
- The game uses the official Oxford English Dictionary, which is not freely available, so you must provide your own dictionary file. This script was tested using a list of English words obtained from https://github.com/dwyl/english-words.
- The script outputs its current best solution as it searches for the optimal solution.
- This is not intended to provide a comprehensive list of solutions, but rather a single solution that uses the minimum number of total letters.
- While unlikely, it is theoretically possible that an optimal solution would contain a word that does not introduce any new letters. To reduce the search space, this script skips those words and therefore could miss an optimal solution.
- Many Letter Boxed games can be solved using only 2 words, so the default maximum number of words is 2. You can override this by specifying a different number with the `--max-words` flag.
- If `--sides` is omitted, the script will automatically fetch the current day's sides from the NYT website.

## Usage

Run the script from the command line with the following arguments:
```
python ltrbxd.py --dict path/to/dictionary.txt --sides abc def ghi jkl --max-words 2
```

Commit message:

Get today's dictionary by default

README.md, after:

# NYT Letter Boxed Puzzle Solver
This Python script solves arbitrary New York Times Letter Boxed puzzles. As opposed to optimizing for the game's scoring system of finding solutions with the fewest total words, this script finds a solution that uses the minimum number of total letters.

## Notes
- Many puzzles can be solved with only 12 letters (using each letter exactly once). This is only possible when `max-words` is set to 5 or fewer. Why 5? Because the last letter of the previous word is automatically used as the first letter of the next word (this script chooses not to double count these) and each word uses a minimum of 3 letters (including the first letter), the minimum number of letters for a given number of words is 2n + 1. A solution with 6 words would therefore require a minimum of 13 letters.
- Many Letter Boxed games can be solved using only 2 words, which would be an optimal solution using the NYT scoring method, so we've set the default maximum number of words to 2. You can override this by specifying a different number with the `--max-words` flag. Per the previous bullet, setting this to 5 will reveal if it is possible to solve the puzzle using each letter exactly once
- The script outputs its current best solution as it searches for the optimal solution.
- This is not intended to provide a comprehensive list of solutions, but settle on a single solution that uses the minimum number of total letters. In practice, there may be other optimal solutions.
- While highly unlikely, it is theoretically possible that an optimal solution would contain a word that does not introduce any new letters. To reduce the search space, this script skips those words and therefore could miss an optimal solution.
- If `--sides` is omitted, the script will automatically fetch the current day's sides from the NYT website.
- If `--dict` is omitted, the script will automatically fetch today's dictionary from the NYT website, but please note that this dictionary contains only valid words for the current day's sides, so it will not work for other puzzles. The game reportedly uses the official Oxford English Dictionary, which is not freely available, so you must provide your own dictionary file when solving anything other than today's puzzle. While the script allows you to specify sides without a dictionary, the script will likely ultimately fail in this case because the dictionary of valid words will not match the sides provided.

## Usage

Run the script from the command line with the following arguments:
```
python ltrbxd.py --dict path/to/dictionary.txt --sides abc def ghi jkl --max-words 2
```
